README.md, before:

# NYC Blockchain Devs Meetup FAQ

## General

### What is the meetup about?  Who can come?
This is a regular gathering for blockchain developers of all levels to learn, present, and work either solo or in collaboration with one another. Our community is a welcoming space where any Ethereum and de-centralized ledger related question is fair game, be it beginner, intermediate, or advanced.

### Where do meetups happen?
WeWork Dumbo Heights \
Inside Flatiron School \
3rd Floor  \
Turing Room  \
[81 Prospect St, Brooklyn, NY 11201](https://goo.gl/maps/9BPpedPMVW9sgfE17)

Please bring ID to enter premises.

Since security has ramped up lately, **please join our [slack group](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) BEFORE coming to meetup**. If there isn't a person downstairs to pick you up or you arrive late, you can message **@anthony albertorio** or on **#general**. 

**If not, you might have trouble getting into the location**.

### How do I keep updated on meetup events and happenings?
Please [join](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) our Slack workspace!   

### What should I bring?
You'll need a government-issued ID for building access.  A laptop is handy if you want to share your work or get help.

### Are there any costs/expenses?
Nope.  

## Learning

### How can I learn more about blockchain?

Check out this video on Blockchain explained in 5 levels of difficulty from Wired

The [Explain Like I'm Five series has a Bitcoin edition](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/explain-bitcoin-like-im-five-73b4257ac833/),
and it's a good read for non-technical audiences. If you'd
like the high-level ideas without necessarily becoming a
programmer, start here.

The ["Halloween Paper"](https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf)
by Satoshi Nakomoto is a short and sweet
read of the coin that launched a thousand movements. It uses
math symbols and is written like an academic paper, but is
densely packed full of powerful ideas that we are still
exploring today.


### IRL: In Real Life
If you like learning by talking to real people, coming to a
meetup or a hackathon is the best way to learn. Depending on
your city, here are some great meetups we know about.

NYC Blockchain Devs (that's us!)
a group devoted to learning about blockchains, for all levels
https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/

Crypto NYC (a coworking and event space for cryptocoins)
https://www.meetup.com/Crypto-NYC/

Detroit Blockchainers (many different meetups)
https://www.meetup.com/Detroit-Blockchainers/

### How can I get started with blockchain development?

Coming to these meetups and asking / answering questions is a good first step.

Depending on which blockchain you are interested in developing for, there are different resources. If you like working through a book, the best online books are below, although they are each slightly dated. They are still correct and will teach you the fundamentals, but they won't contain the latest developments for each chain.

For Bitcoin, and blockchains in general, the [Master Bitcoin](https://bitcoinbook.info/) book is a great place to start. If you want to understand the nuts-and-bolts of transactions, what actual bytes are being sent over the network for the Bitcoin protocol, and step-by-step examples you can try on the command-line, this is the book for you.

Most blockchains are forks of the Bitcoin source code, and all blockchains use
the basic ideas pioneered from Bitcoin.

For Ethereum, the [Homestead Guide](https://ethereum-homestead.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) is the first and still best comprehensive documentation.

It's how I (@chanho) first learned to develop for Ethereum in 2015, working through the Democracy example for online voting.

There is also [Mastering Ethereum](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook), written by the author of Mastering Bitcoin (Andreas Antonopoulos) and co-creator of Ethereum (Gavin Wood). Like Mastering Bitcoin, the book is free and open source.

If you'd like to a contribute to an open source project (e.g. for Hacktoberfest),
we'd love to have your help on the Democracy.js framework

https://github.com/invisible-college/democracy

### Hands on learning
**Want to understand the basics**
Simply Explained has some great videos:
1. [How does a blockchain work - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSo_EIwHSd4)

2. [Blockchains: how can they be used?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQWflNQuP_o)

3. [Smart contracts - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZE2HxTmxfrI)

4. [Mining Difficulty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1gOyhU6XEw)

5. [Proof-of-Stake (vs proof-of-work)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3EFi_POhps)

6. [Asymmetric encryption - Simply explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc)

7. [ERC20 tokens - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqZhNzZoMh8)

8. [What is a Bitcoin hard fork? Simply Explained!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCo6yyutYAM)

9. [Zero Knowledge Proof - ZKP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcmvMs4AMbM)

Siraj Raval has some great intro videos. Join his great channel!
1. [Blockchains]()
2. [How does a blockchain work?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZEHOlZY2To)
2. [Ethereum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_Qs0XdPpw8)
3. [Smart contracts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP0-8D2fSb8)
4. [Web 3.0 explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPVmd7SyKfQ)
5. [What is an ICO- Initial Coin Offering?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyuZ_bCQeIE)
6. [How to build a simple blockchain in 5 minutes]()
7. [Learn blockchain programming in two months curriculum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVVGv2bmxow)
8. [Cryptography math](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tK3wuQN9MHE)

**Want to get some intution and play with a blockchain?** 

Try [Blockchain Demo](https://anders.com/blockchain/).

Anders Brownworth built a great tool that lets you play the pieces that build up a blockchain.

**Want a crash course on how Ethereum's Solidity smart contract langauge works?**
Try [cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io/). 

Its a codecademy-like interface to learn the basics.

**Prefer videos to learn how to build Dapps?**

[Learning Solidity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_hU0jPtLto&list=PL16WqdAj66SCOdL6XIFbke-XQg2GW_Avg) has great lessons related to the language.

[Dapp University](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY0xL8V6NzzFcwzHCgB8orQ) has great lessons on the tools to build things.

[Eat The Blocks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZM8XQjNOyG2ElPpEUtNasA) is similar to Dapp University.

## Admin

### How can I give a presentation or demo?

Message the admins on [Meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/)
or [Slack](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join)

### Hey, my question isn't on this FAQ!

Come to our [meetup](https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/) enough times or submit a [pull request](https://github.com/NYC-Blockchain-Devs/meetup-faq/pulls).

### How can my company be a sponsor?
Join our [slack](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) and reach out to @anthony albertorio.

Or message the admins on [meetup](https://meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/).

## Trading and Finances
Q: I want a lambo. Tell me how to get one.

A: Me too.

### Where does the dollar value of Bitcoin / Ethereum / (insert your favorite chain here) come from?
To keep it simple, the value of the token is derived from the value of the network. 

It is same way the value of the iPhone is derived from how many things you can do with it securely (via apps).

The value of the token is also influenced by what people percieve it to be and the willingness and ability to buy the token. That is an entirely different conversation on information asymmetery, the efficiency of markets to process information and the madness of crowds.

### What does the blockchain actually solve?
Blockchains solve an issue in economics called the ["Principal Agent Problem"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principal%E2%80%93agent_problem).

Blockchains are useful in increasing the ability for people to cooperate with one another, a term called [social scalability](https://unenumerated.blogspot.com/2017/02/money-blockchains-and-social-scalability.html).

### What problem do smart contract platforms solve?
Smart contract platforms solve issues related to [counterparty risk](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/counterpartyrisk.asp) and goverance.

More on this later.

### Do I need a blockchain to create a decentralized application?
If you care about decentralized user data, check out [Blockstack](https://blockstack.org).

If you only care about peer to peer (p2p) communication, check out [Libp2p](https://libp2p.io/).

Libp2p is to p2p apps as to what expressJS is to web apps. Libp2p is series of modules that allow you to scaffold together a peer to peer application without having to rebuilt the entire stack yourself.

We will add a simple flow chart to help you understand what tools might be useful depending on your needs.

### What is an ICO?
ICO stands for an Initial Coin Offering. It is a form of raising capital via the internet.

More on this later.

Commit message:

Removed 1st video without link in videos section of FAQ. Added ICo video at end for question

README.md, after:

# NYC Blockchain Devs Meetup FAQ

## General

### What is the meetup about?  Who can come?
This is a regular gathering for blockchain developers of all levels to learn, present, and work either solo or in collaboration with one another. Our community is a welcoming space where any Ethereum and de-centralized ledger related question is fair game, be it beginner, intermediate, or advanced.

### Where do meetups happen?
WeWork Dumbo Heights \
Inside Flatiron School \
3rd Floor  \
Turing Room  \
[81 Prospect St, Brooklyn, NY 11201](https://goo.gl/maps/9BPpedPMVW9sgfE17)

Please bring ID to enter premises.

Since security has ramped up lately, **please join our [slack group](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) BEFORE coming to meetup**. If there isn't a person downstairs to pick you up or you arrive late, you can message **@anthony albertorio** or on **#general**. 

**If not, you might have trouble getting into the location**.

### How do I keep updated on meetup events and happenings?
Please [join](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) our Slack workspace!   

### What should I bring?
You'll need a government-issued ID for building access.  A laptop is handy if you want to share your work or get help.

### Are there any costs/expenses?
Nope.  

## Learning

### How can I learn more about blockchain?

Check out this video on Blockchain explained in 5 levels of difficulty from Wired

The [Explain Like I'm Five series has a Bitcoin edition](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/explain-bitcoin-like-im-five-73b4257ac833/),
and it's a good read for non-technical audiences. If you'd
like the high-level ideas without necessarily becoming a
programmer, start here.

The ["Halloween Paper"](https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf)
by Satoshi Nakomoto is a short and sweet
read of the coin that launched a thousand movements. It uses
math symbols and is written like an academic paper, but is
densely packed full of powerful ideas that we are still
exploring today.


### IRL: In Real Life
If you like learning by talking to real people, coming to a
meetup or a hackathon is the best way to learn. Depending on
your city, here are some great meetups we know about.

NYC Blockchain Devs (that's us!)
a group devoted to learning about blockchains, for all levels
https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/

Crypto NYC (a coworking and event space for cryptocoins)
https://www.meetup.com/Crypto-NYC/

Detroit Blockchainers (many different meetups)
https://www.meetup.com/Detroit-Blockchainers/

### How can I get started with blockchain development?

Coming to these meetups and asking / answering questions is a good first step.

Depending on which blockchain you are interested in developing for, there are different resources. If you like working through a book, the best online books are below, although they are each slightly dated. They are still correct and will teach you the fundamentals, but they won't contain the latest developments for each chain.

For Bitcoin, and blockchains in general, the [Master Bitcoin](https://bitcoinbook.info/) book is a great place to start. If you want to understand the nuts-and-bolts of transactions, what actual bytes are being sent over the network for the Bitcoin protocol, and step-by-step examples you can try on the command-line, this is the book for you.

Most blockchains are forks of the Bitcoin source code, and all blockchains use
the basic ideas pioneered from Bitcoin.

For Ethereum, the [Homestead Guide](https://ethereum-homestead.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) is the first and still best comprehensive documentation.

It's how I (@chanho) first learned to develop for Ethereum in 2015, working through the Democracy example for online voting.

There is also [Mastering Ethereum](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook), written by the author of Mastering Bitcoin (Andreas Antonopoulos) and co-creator of Ethereum (Gavin Wood). Like Mastering Bitcoin, the book is free and open source.

If you'd like to a contribute to an open source project (e.g. for Hacktoberfest),
we'd love to have your help on the Democracy.js framework

https://github.com/invisible-college/democracy

### Hands on learning
**Want to understand the basics**
Simply Explained has some great videos:
1. [How does a blockchain work - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSo_EIwHSd4)

2. [Blockchains: how can they be used?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQWflNQuP_o)

3. [Smart contracts - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZE2HxTmxfrI)

4. [Mining Difficulty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1gOyhU6XEw)

5. [Proof-of-Stake (vs proof-of-work)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3EFi_POhps)

6. [Asymmetric encryption - Simply explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc)

7. [ERC20 tokens - Simply Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqZhNzZoMh8)

8. [What is a Bitcoin hard fork? Simply Explained!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCo6yyutYAM)

9. [Zero Knowledge Proof - ZKP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcmvMs4AMbM)

Siraj Raval has some great intro videos. Join his great channel!

1. [How does a blockchain work?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZEHOlZY2To)

2. [Ethereum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_Qs0XdPpw8)

3. [Smart contracts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP0-8D2fSb8)

4. [Web 3.0 explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPVmd7SyKfQ)

5. [What is an ICO- Initial Coin Offering?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyuZ_bCQeIE)

6. [Build a simple blockchain in 5 minutes with Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MViBvQXQ3mM)

7. [Learn blockchain programming in two months curriculum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVVGv2bmxow)

8. [Cryptography math](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tK3wuQN9MHE)

**Want to get some intution and play with a blockchain?** 

Try [Blockchain Demo](https://anders.com/blockchain/).

Anders Brownworth built a great tool that lets you play the pieces that build up a blockchain.

**Want a crash course on how Ethereum's Solidity smart contract langauge works?**
Try [cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io/). 

Its a codecademy-like interface to learn the basics.

**Prefer videos to learn how to build Dapps?**

[Learning Solidity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_hU0jPtLto&list=PL16WqdAj66SCOdL6XIFbke-XQg2GW_Avg) has great lessons related to the language.

[Dapp University](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY0xL8V6NzzFcwzHCgB8orQ) has great lessons on the tools to build things.

[Eat The Blocks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZM8XQjNOyG2ElPpEUtNasA) is similar to Dapp University.

## Admin

### How can I give a presentation or demo?

Message the admins on [Meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/)
or [Slack](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join)

### Hey, my question isn't on this FAQ!

Come to our [meetup](https://www.meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/) enough times or submit a [pull request](https://github.com/NYC-Blockchain-Devs/meetup-faq/pulls).

### How can my company be a sponsor?
Join our [slack](http://bit.ly/nyc-blockchain-devs-slack-join) and reach out to @anthony albertorio.

Or message the admins on [meetup](https://meetup.com/nyc-blockchain-devs/).

## Trading and Finances
Q: I want a lambo. Tell me how to get one.

A: Me too.

### Where does the dollar value of Bitcoin / Ethereum / (insert your favorite chain here) come from?
To keep it simple, the value of the token is derived from the value of the network. 

It is same way the value of the iPhone is derived from how many things you can do with it securely (via apps).

The value of the token is also influenced by what people percieve it to be and the willingness and ability to buy the token. That is an entirely different conversation on information asymmetery, the efficiency of markets to process information and the madness of crowds.

### What does the blockchain actually solve?
Blockchains solve an issue in economics called the ["Principal Agent Problem"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principal%E2%80%93agent_problem).

Blockchains are useful in increasing the ability for people to cooperate with one another, a term called [social scalability](https://unenumerated.blogspot.com/2017/02/money-blockchains-and-social-scalability.html).

### What problem do smart contract platforms solve?
Smart contract platforms solve issues related to [counterparty risk](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/counterpartyrisk.asp) and goverance.

More on this later.

### Do I need a blockchain to create a decentralized application?
If you care about decentralized user data, check out [Blockstack](https://blockstack.org).

If you only care about peer to peer (p2p) communication, check out [Libp2p](https://libp2p.io/).

Libp2p is to p2p apps as to what expressJS is to web apps. Libp2p is series of modules that allow you to scaffold together a peer to peer application without having to rebuilt the entire stack yourself.

We will add a simple flow chart to help you understand what tools might be useful depending on your needs.

### What is an ICO?
ICO stands for an Initial Coin Offering. It is a form of raising capital via the internet.

See this video for now: [What is an Initial Coin Offering?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyuZ_bCQeIE)

More on this later.
